----- Manual lock instructions -----
I want to implement the manual locking functionality on the app. Some parts of what I describe here have been already implemented. When the user in the MenuPage of the @laser_controller_page.py clicks on the "Manual lock" button this has to trigger different things. 1) The Finite State Machine of the Laser Manager is switched to the SETUP_MANUAL_LOCK state that will send to the GUI a package of data with the "mode" "SETUP_MANUAL_LOCK". The GUI will handle it through the ManualLockingPlotHandler (yet to finish) that is the same of the SWEEP mode apart from the fact that it has to show two red vertical lines at the points x0 and x1 (specified later in the text). 2) The left part of the @laser_controller_page.py (the stack) has to open the Manual lock page. Inside this page I want the text "Choose the boundaries of the lock region. Keep in mid that the lock point will be determined by the zero-crossing point between a minimum and a maximum of the error signal inside the lock region.", under that I want two textboxes labeled with "left boundary" and "Right boundary". When the user inserts a number inside these textboxes (the x0 and x1 parameters) the plot panel has to show the vertical lines aforementioned and a red region between them. Under the textboxes I want a "Start lock" button that for now does nothing and, at the bottom of the page, the "Back" button that, when pressed, makes the left part of the page turn back to the MenuPage and triggers the start_sweep method of the Laser Manager (inside @laser_manager.py).


When start lock button pressed: start locking procedure showing on the right the "Start locking procedure..." and on the left returning to the main menu, the FSM of the LM is set to IDLE.
When the check_for_lock_status gives True, the FSM is set on the LOCKED mode that will send to the GUI the package with the infos to show  on the right in the locking monitor.
When the FSM is in the LOCKED state the lock_check method is triggered at each cycle. It has to: check the lock status with the selected methods, send the histories to the GUI. If the lock is lost, the FST should pass in the SWEEP mode.
The history is managed by the LaserManager, It receives the history from the Interface and it fills the actual history that is shown to the user with the appropriate length.
AT THIS POINT I THINK THAT IT IS BETTER TO FIX THE REQUEST TIME OF THE REDPITAYA HISTORY DATA (FIXED BY THE CYCLE TIME) AND THEN ADJUST THE LOCAL HISTORY ACCORDINGLY.
